# LocalLibrary website project
 creating a sceleton website

### Getting started

- Use the django-admin tool to create the project folder, basic file templates, and project management script (manage.py).
- Use manage.py to create one or more applications.
- Register the new applications to include them in the project.
- Hook up the url/path mapper for each application.

```
1) create a folder
2) create the new project using the django-admin startproject command
3) django-admin startproject locallibrary
```

```
The django-admin tool creates a folder/file structure as shown below:

1_folder/
    manage.py
    project_folder/
        settings.py
        urls.py
        wsgi.py
```

- settings.py - all website settings, here we <strong> register applications,
the location of our static files, database configuration details, etc.</strong>;
- (???) urls.py - defines the site url-to-view mappings (we'll map via application);
- wsgi.py - boilerplate to help Django application communicate with the web server;
- manage.py used to <strong>create applications, work with databases, and start the development web server</strong>

### Catalog

```
python3 manage.py startapp catalog
```
creates a new folder and populates it with files for the different parts of the application,
contain some minimal boilerplate code for working with the associated objects;

```
locallibrary/
    manage.py
    locallibrary/
    catalog/
        admin.py
        apps.py
        models.py
        tests.py
        views.py
        __init__.py
        migrations/
```
- views should be stored in views.py,
- Models in models.py,
- tests in tests.py,
- administration site configuration in admin.py,
- application registration in apps.py
- "migrations" — files that allow you to automatically update your database as you modify your models
- __init__.py — an empty file which creates a space for a class

### Registering the catalog application
register application within the project so that it will be included
when any tools are run (for example to add models to the database)

```
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    'django.contrib.admin',
    'django.contrib.auth',
    'django.contrib.contenttypes',
    'django.contrib.sessions',
    'django.contrib.messages',
    'django.contrib.staticfiles',
    'catalog.apps.CatalogConfig',
]
```

The new line specifies the application configuration object (CatalogConfig)
that was generated for you in /locallibrary/catalog/apps.py
when you created the application;

(???) (Этот код значит, что структура приложения была создана в apps.py)

### Specifying the database


















1) How do you start to create a project?
2) What actions do you make to start a project?
3) What if the meaning of manage.py and where is it located?
4) What is the meaning of settings.py, urls.py, wsgi.py ?
5) What is a catalog, why do we need it, what catalog contains?


